---
date: "2018-10-29"
title: "Meeting 2018-10-29"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Shawn
- Derek
- Edgar
- John

Discussed items
---------------
### SAND presentation
- Has project overview and goals
- In particular, providing a platform that supports plugins or ways to add
  functionality
    - Allow others to use framework to look at the data
      and plug-in their own pieces for a specific analysis
    - Periodically analyzing data and adding it back to ElasticSearch?

### MQ credentials
- Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
  developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - Will follow up after next developer meeting

### Tape replay
- Also need a method to verify that the data was played back

### HTCondor metrics
- Derek created a spreadsheet of HTCondor submitters that are no longer reporting to the GRACC ES.
- None are reporting now
- How to get data onto the bus?
- Derek has Edgar's docs

Action items
------------
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*. Will follow up after pS developer meeting
- *Derek: Will research tape replay* and estimate the scope of the project
- Test RabbitMQ functionality by manually configuring an endpoint
    - There might be issues vs how the RSV probes collect data.
      Selection of topics?
    - Need to ensure data format is the same in RSV and MQ endpoints

Existing items
---------------

### Infrastructure
- Action item: Reactivate HTCondor TCP statistics
    - *(Unassigned)*
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - MQ status
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
    - Shawn has experience with monitoring the data quality
    - *John: Come up with Nagios probes list for infrastructure*
    - *Derek: Spreadsheet of collectors reporting to central collector*
- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
    - Details in [2018-10-08 minutes](/meetings/20181008)
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
