---
date: 2018-09-17
title: "Meeting 2018-09-17"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
excerpt: "Introductory meeting notes"
author_profile: true
---

Personnel
---------
- Derek: developer
- John: sysadmin
- Other fractional FTE TBD

Institutions
------------
- UChicago
- UNL
- Michigan

perfSonar
---------
- Meshes to be defined

Completed items
---------------
- ~~Initial web presence~~
- ~~Google groups~~
- ~~Github organization~~

Discussed items
---------------
- Where to share project internal documentation/credentials?
  - Google docs for detailed internal topology?
  - Shared LastPass folder for secrets?
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
    - Data pipeline
    - Type of data
    - Goals of SAND
    - Description of analytics platform
    - Overview of pieces and plans
    - Diagrams from proposal
- Upcoming meetings
  - Will be held on Zoom
  - Data and pipeline meeting led by Shawn
      - What is the current current configuration
      - How is it accessed
      - *Derek: Will start empty component documentation in SAND GDocs and
        share with team. To be edited during next meeting.*

SAND Overview
-------------
OSG Networking++: Overlaps with things OSG networking has done, but extending
into new areas:
- Data pipelines
- Take over maintenance of upload mechanisms, migrating from RSV to perfSonar
  pushing to MQs
- Visualization components at UChicago
- Data analysis at UMich