---
date: "2018-12-17"
title: "Meeting 2018-12-17"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek
- Shawn
- John

Completed
---------

- **DONE** Brian: Setup [group](https://groups.google.com/a/sand-ci.org/forum/#!forum/alerts) for alerts at sand-ci.org

Action items
------------

- *Derek* - "Audit" the RabbitMQ alerts with new alerts mailing group
- *Derek* - Put together weekly summary email of Condor transfer data
- *Brian* - Research on how to include TCP flow statistics for XRootD
- *Ilya and Nebraska* - Improve UNL ElasticSearch monitoring, alert when data rate is less than expected
- *Derek* -  Find source of collectors, and make sure who can access them to restart them
- *Derek* - Document how to replay records
- *Shawn* - Wants alerts when PS instance stops reporting
- *Derek* - Start email about acknowledgements for ps-collectors!
- Focus day on RSV overhaul on Tuesday, 12/18.

Existing items
--------------
- *John*: Created spreadsheet outlining Nagios probes for project services (both Nebraska and other sites)
    - Initial draft [SAND monitoring](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/119j4BVa4WEWGcRX7knC_yZSlj358otqU4i6f94djXLg) spreadsheet saved into docs folder
    - Brian emphasized knowing the alert destinations (email addresses, etc.)
    - Brian created alerts at sand-ci.org group for notifications
    - Will follow up with Chicago and Michigan to fill in gaps
- *Edgar*: Will contact John Hicks regarding setup of a pS mesh config for getting I2 data and NRP data into archive
- Test RabbitMQ functionality by manually configuring an endpoint
    - There might be issues vs how the RSV probes collect data.
      Selection of topics?
    - Need to ensure data format is the same in RSV and MQ endpoints
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*
    - Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
      developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - pS team agrees it's a reasonable feature request
    - Lead developer for this psconfig request is out of the office until second week in January
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - MQ status
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
    - Shawn has experience with monitoring the data quality
    - *John: Come up with Nagios probes list for infrastructure*
- *Derek: Will look at the RSV code and estimate the development effort*
    - Details in [2018-10-08 minutes](/meetings/20181008)
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component in [architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zy27YC3Hg5_1he8Wehg2IR91PHmaduTLbieA_TrvbVU)
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
