---
date: "2019-01-07"
title: "Meeting 2019-01-07"
layout: single
toc: true
author: John Thiltges
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek
- Edgar
- Shawn
- John

Completed
---------

Action items
------------

- *Derek/John/MarianZ* - Documentation for pS collectors administration
    - Collectors running on host under UNL T2 puppet
    - Hosts are maintained by Marian Z.
    - Get documentation into OSG or SAND folders
    - How to restart docker containers? Repo locations?

Existing items
--------------
- *Derek* - RSV replacement
    - Now need to test and compare results
    - Shawn's comments:
        - Start testing by polling sites with capable hardware: USCMS or ATLAS
        - Concerned about overloading pS instances on marginal hardware
        - Validation tools don't exist yet, done manually with Kibana queries
        - Compare overlapping time ranges to confirm record counts match
        - OK to remove SOCKS support (no longer needed, as VM hosts are now on LHCONE)
- *Ilya and Nebraska* - Meeting topics
    - Improve UNL ElasticSearch monitoring, alert when data rate is less than expected
    - Derek: Could data be transformed and inserted with Logstash, rather than directly with ElasticSearch?
    - Shawn: Wants alerts when pS instance stops reporting
- *Derek* - Put together weekly summary email of Condor transfer data
- *Brian* - Research on how to include TCP flow statistics for XRootD
- *Derek* - Start email about acknowledgements for ps-collectors!
- Monitoring
    - The pipelines and the contents of the pipelines
    - Will work with Ilya to monitor UNL ElasticSearch rates
    - [SAND monitoring](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/119j4BVa4WEWGcRX7knC_yZSlj358otqU4i6f94djXLg) draft
      outlining Nagios probes for project services (both Nebraska and other sites), mostly based on architecture document
    - Brian emphasized knowing the alert destinations (email addresses, etc.)
    - Brian created alerts at sand-ci.org group for notifications
    - Will follow up with Chicago and Michigan to fill in gaps
    - Nebraska will be responsible for the "plumbing" monitoring?
        - Confirmation of flow with test messages
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*
    - Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
      developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - pS team agrees it's a reasonable feature request
    - Lead developer for this psconfig request is out of the office until second week in January
- Expanding web presence
  - *Shawn: Create github PR and Derek will review*
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- Complete documentation for each service component in [architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zy27YC3Hg5_1he8Wehg2IR91PHmaduTLbieA_TrvbVU)
- How to send check_mk status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
    - LiveStatus API?
