---
date: "2019-01-14"
title: "Meeting 2019-01-14"
layout: single
toc: true
author: Brian Bockelman
author_profile: true
---

Attendees
---------
- Brian
- Derek

Completed
---------
- *Derek* - Start email about acknowledgements for ps-collectors!

Action items
------------

- No new action items arising.

Existing items
--------------
- *Derek* - RSV replacement
    - Shawn's suggested test procedure:
        - Start testing by polling sites with capable hardware: USCMS or ATLAS
        - Concerned about overloading pS instances on marginal hardware
        - Validation tools don't exist yet, done manually with Kibana queries
        - Compare overlapping time ranges to confirm record counts match
    - Derek has started refactoring the perfSonar collectors so we can change the ES prefix.
      Doing some other minor cleanup while there (e.g., adding ACKs to prevent data loss).
- *Ilija and Nebraska*: Enable alert monitoring when pS instance stops reporting to UNL ES.
    - Lots of work on this over the past week.  We think GRACC piece is done -- might just be
      missing the final confirmation and putting things into place?
- *Derek* - Put together weekly summary email of Condor transfer data
- Monitoring (*John*)
    - Still need to update [SAND monitoring](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/119j4BVa4WEWGcRX7knC_yZSlj358otqU4i6f94djXLg) draft
      outlining Nagios probes for project services (both Nebraska and other sites), mostly based on architecture document
    - How to send `check_mk` status info from Nebraska to OSG perfSonar ETF?
        - LiveStatus API?
- *Shawn: RabbitMQ authentication*
    - Shawn discussed the possibility of a plugin functionality with the pS
      developers, and they seemed open to the idea.
    - Keeps them out of the business of storing credentials
    - pS team agrees it's a reasonable feature request
    - Lead developer for this psconfig request is out of the office until second week in January
- *Shawn*: Expanding web presence
  - Shawn will create github PR and Derek will review
  - Logo, both text and graphical
  - Pointers to existing OSG network docs
- *Shawn*: Complete documentation for each service component in [architecture document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Zy27YC3Hg5_1he8Wehg2IR91PHmaduTLbieA_TrvbVU)
- *Derek/John/MarianZ* - Documentation for pS collectors administration
    - Collectors running on host under UNL T2 puppet
    - Hosts are maintained by Marian Z.
    - Get documentation into OSG or SAND folders
    - How to restart docker containers? Repo locations?
    - 14 January update: nothing to report.
